Ingredient combining
    need to count each ingredient independantly
    can we do this with less entities if only one of each ingredient is needed?
    can we even get away with a filter_multi for ingredients?

timed cooking / stations with timers
    need a way to quickly communicate the timer
    could we steal the flag reset sprite? is it a sprite?
    flags return instantly under RD logic, but this does solve a minor visal bug with fake return icons over flags
    RD logic also helps mute announcer spam
    math_colorblend could be used to update a sprite as an indicator, also doesn't use any edicts!

all these triggers are probably eating up the vbsp models limit
    MAX 1024
    worldspawn uses 1 by default
    every brush based entity will consume a model, likely even if it has no renderable faces
    though in this case the map may simply fail to compile (e.g. func_rotating made of skip_brushes)
    don't forget we have to share limits with other minigames and the tf2party triggers
    various buttons etc. likely also contribute

more custom assets
    need to texture fish fillets plate
    should also add a chips variant
    
undecided if plates should be a required resource to manage
    dynamically spawning flags that need to be targetted individuall seems absurdly difficult
    washing dishes could be an interesting flow breaker, but might also seem like a punishment

do players need ammo?
    is chopping a fish with a minigun faster than 3 scouts pummelling with bats?

should this minigame be scout only?
    movement speed seems like a serious deciding factor and the flat map doesn't help
    having lots of information visible at once is nice, but could get overwhelming
    fortunately that's somewhat intentional, as the minigame should only last 1min

waiting for ingredients to return while other players have them could hurt
    but dynamic spawning complicates logic and could create a bunch of new issues
        memory / edict management, specific targeting of players, carefully timed renaming of players etc.
    will likely need to find a number of stations & available flags that gets everything used at once in a full server

recipe / order selection & communicating recipes to players
    unlike overcooked, players will have to learn recipes on the fly
    sprites on the chalkboard above each delivery station seems like the way to go atm
    setting the filters on the delivery triggers via addoutput should also handle setting the order
    
TODO: test within the full TF2Party2 prefab to make sure nothing breaks
    disable TestSpawns & TestMetaLogic visgroups
    enable PartyLogic visgroup
    copy map (with texture lock on!) into latest TF2Party2 pre-alpha & follow Beto's instructions
